README.md, before:

# Ingress NGINX Controller

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kubernetes/ingress-nginx.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kubernetes/ingress-nginx.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/stargazers)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is a supported replacement of the original `kubernetes/ingress-nginx`
> repository, [which will be archived in March of 2026](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/11/11/ingress-nginx-retirement/). Further details in
> [History and Status](#history-and-status).

> Community contributions are not being accepted at this time. The documentation
> has been carried over directly from the original repository and may not reflect
> recent changes. We will update dependencies only to resolve security
> vulnerabilities (CVEs). If a dependency update to resolve a CVE requires more than updating
> dependency versions, if it, for instance, requires making extensive changes to accommodate
> a new API, we will, as a general policy, not make that change in order to avoid accidentally
> introducing a regression.

## History and Status

ingress-nginx was originally published at
[kubernetes/ingress-nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx).
The project will be archived in March 2026.

No feature work is planned.

## Releases

ingress-nginx releases are only created as [tags on the source
repository](https://github.com/chainguard-forks/ingress-nginx/tags).

Release notes and source code archives are available on the [releases
section](https://github.com/chainguard-forks/ingress-nginx/releases).

Binary release artifacts such as container images are **not published**.


## Overview

ingress-nginx is an Ingress controller for Kubernetes using [NGINX](https://www.nginx.org/) as a reverse proxy and load
balancer.

[Learn more about Ingress on the Kubernetes documentation site](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/).

## Get started

This fork is maintained but does not create images or helm charts. 

To create new images, clone this repository and run `make build image` and `make build image-chroot`. This will create images for a single architecture that can be used in testing. To create a multi-arch image and upload to a registry use the `make release` command and set the `REGISTRY` variable appropriately e.g:

```
REGISTRY=my.registry.com make release
```

To use these images with the official helm charts you will need to override the default settings e.g:

```
helm upgrade --install ingress-nginx ingress-nginx \
  --repo https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx \
  --namespace ingress-nginx --create-namespace \
  --set controller.image.registry=my-registry.io \
  --set controller.image.image=ingress-nginx/controller \
  --set controller.image.tag=v1.10.0 \
  ...
```

To change or update the base image used for building these images, update the file `NGINX_BASE`.

With these points in mind, refer to the orginal [Getting Started](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/) document for more information.

Do not use in multi-tenant Kubernetes production installations. This project assumes that users that can create Ingress objects are administrators of the cluster. See the [FAQ](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/faq/#faq) for more.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues, review the [troubleshooting docs](docs/troubleshooting.md),
[file an issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/issues), or talk to us on the
[#ingress-nginx channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/ingress-nginx) on the Kubernetes Slack server.

## Changelog

See [the list of releases](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases) for all changes.
For detailed changes for each release, please check the [changelog-$version.md](./changelog) file for the release version.
For detailed changes on the `ingress-nginx` helm chart, please check the changelog folder for a specific version.
[CHANGELOG-$current-version.md](./charts/ingress-nginx/changelog) file.

### Supported Versions table

Supported versions for the ingress-nginx project mean that we have completed E2E tests, and they are passing for
the versions listed. Ingress-Nginx versions **may** work on older versions, but the project does not make that guarantee.

| Supported | Ingress-NGINX version | k8s supported version         | Alpine Version | Nginx Version | Helm Chart Version |
| :-------: | --------------------- | ----------------------------- | -------------- | ------------- | ------------------ |
|    🔄     | **v1.14.1**           | 1.34, 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.14.1             |
|    🔄     | **v1.14.0**           | 1.34, 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.14.0             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.5**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.5             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.4**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.4             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.3**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.1         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.3             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.2**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.1         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.2             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.1**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.1         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.1             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.0**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.0         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.0             |
|           | v1.12.8               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.2         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.8             |
|           | v1.12.7               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.1         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.7             |
|           | v1.12.6               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.1         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.6             |
|           | v1.12.5               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.1         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.5             |
|           | v1.12.4               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.4             |
|           | v1.12.3               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.3             |
|           | v1.12.2               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.2             |
|           | v1.12.1               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.1             |
|           | v1.12.0               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.0             |
|           | v1.12.0-beta.0        | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.20.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.0-beta.0      |
|           | v1.11.8               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.22.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.8             |
|           | v1.11.7               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.7             |
|           | v1.11.6               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.6             |
|           | v1.11.5               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.5             |
|           | v1.11.4               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.4             |
|           | v1.11.3               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.3             |
|           | v1.11.2               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.2             |
|           | v1.11.1               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.1             |
|           | v1.11.0               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.0             |
|           | v1.10.6               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.6             |
|           | v1.10.5               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.5             |
|           | v1.10.4               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.4             |
|           | v1.10.3               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.3             |
|           | v1.10.2               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.2             |
|           | v1.10.1               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.19.1         | 1.25.3        | 4.10.1             |
|           | v1.10.0               | 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26        | 3.19.1         | 1.25.3        | 4.10.0             |
|           | v1.9.6                | 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25  | 3.19.0         | 1.21.6        | 4.9.1              |
|           | v1.9.5                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.9.0              |
|           | v1.9.4                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.3              |
|           | v1.9.3                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.*              |
|           | v1.9.1                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.*              |
|           | v1.9.0                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.*              |
|           | v1.8.4                | 1.27, 1.26, 1.25, 1.24        | 3.18.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.7.*              |
|           | v1.7.1                | 1.27, 1.26, 1.25, 1.24        | 3.17.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.6.*              |
|           | v1.6.4                | 1.26, 1.25, 1.24, 1.23        | 3.17.0         | 1.21.6        | 4.5.*              |
|           | v1.5.1                | 1.25, 1.24, 1.23              | 3.16.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.4.*              |
|           | v1.4.0                | 1.25, 1.24, 1.23, 1.22        | 3.16.2         | 1.19.10†      | 4.3.0              |
|           | v1.3.1                | 1.24, 1.23, 1.22, 1.21, 1.20  | 3.16.2         | 1.19.10†      | 4.2.5              |

See [this article](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/26/update-with-ingress-nginx/) if you want upgrade to the stable
Ingress API.

## License

[Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update README with security vulnerability policy
Clarify policy on handling security vulnerabilities in dependencies and source code.

Signed-off-by: erin rose glass <erin.glass@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Ingress NGINX Controller

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kubernetes/ingress-nginx.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kubernetes/ingress-nginx.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/stargazers)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is a supported replacement of the original `kubernetes/ingress-nginx`
> repository, [which will be archived in March of 2026](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/11/11/ingress-nginx-retirement/). Further details in
> [History and Status](#history-and-status).

> Community contributions are not being accepted at this time. The documentation
> has been carried over directly from the original repository and may not reflect
> recent changes.

> We will make a best-effort attempt to address security vulnerabilities, including CVEs in
> dependencies and certain source code vulnerabilities when remediation can be achieved 
> safely and with minimal risk. If mitigating a vulnerability would require extensive code 
> changes (for example, adapting to a new API or significant refactoring), we will generally not 
> make that change in order to avoid introducing regressions.


## History and Status

ingress-nginx was originally published at
[kubernetes/ingress-nginx](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx).
The project will be archived in March 2026.

No feature work is planned.

## Releases

ingress-nginx releases are only created as [tags on the source
repository](https://github.com/chainguard-forks/ingress-nginx/tags).

Release notes and source code archives are available on the [releases
section](https://github.com/chainguard-forks/ingress-nginx/releases).

Binary release artifacts such as container images are **not published**.


## Overview

ingress-nginx is an Ingress controller for Kubernetes using [NGINX](https://www.nginx.org/) as a reverse proxy and load
balancer.

[Learn more about Ingress on the Kubernetes documentation site](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/).

## Get started

This fork is maintained but does not create images or helm charts. 

To create new images, clone this repository and run `make build image` and `make build image-chroot`. This will create images for a single architecture that can be used in testing. To create a multi-arch image and upload to a registry use the `make release` command and set the `REGISTRY` variable appropriately e.g:

```
REGISTRY=my.registry.com make release
```

To use these images with the official helm charts you will need to override the default settings e.g:

```
helm upgrade --install ingress-nginx ingress-nginx \
  --repo https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx \
  --namespace ingress-nginx --create-namespace \
  --set controller.image.registry=my-registry.io \
  --set controller.image.image=ingress-nginx/controller \
  --set controller.image.tag=v1.10.0 \
  ...
```

To change or update the base image used for building these images, update the file `NGINX_BASE`.

With these points in mind, refer to the orginal [Getting Started](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/) document for more information.

Do not use in multi-tenant Kubernetes production installations. This project assumes that users that can create Ingress objects are administrators of the cluster. See the [FAQ](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/faq/#faq) for more.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues, review the [troubleshooting docs](docs/troubleshooting.md),
[file an issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/issues), or talk to us on the
[#ingress-nginx channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/ingress-nginx) on the Kubernetes Slack server.

## Changelog

See [the list of releases](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases) for all changes.
For detailed changes for each release, please check the [changelog-$version.md](./changelog) file for the release version.
For detailed changes on the `ingress-nginx` helm chart, please check the changelog folder for a specific version.
[CHANGELOG-$current-version.md](./charts/ingress-nginx/changelog) file.

### Supported Versions table

Supported versions for the ingress-nginx project mean that we have completed E2E tests, and they are passing for
the versions listed. Ingress-Nginx versions **may** work on older versions, but the project does not make that guarantee.

| Supported | Ingress-NGINX version | k8s supported version         | Alpine Version | Nginx Version | Helm Chart Version |
| :-------: | --------------------- | ----------------------------- | -------------- | ------------- | ------------------ |
|    🔄     | **v1.14.1**           | 1.34, 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.14.1             |
|    🔄     | **v1.14.0**           | 1.34, 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.14.0             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.5**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.5             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.4**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.2         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.4             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.3**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.1         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.3             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.2**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.1         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.2             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.1**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.1         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.1             |
|    🔄     | **v1.13.0**           | 1.33, 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29  | 3.22.0         | 1.27.1        | 4.13.0             |
|           | v1.12.8               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.2         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.8             |
|           | v1.12.7               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.1         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.7             |
|           | v1.12.6               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.1         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.6             |
|           | v1.12.5               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.1         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.5             |
|           | v1.12.4               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.22.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.4             |
|           | v1.12.3               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.3             |
|           | v1.12.2               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.2             |
|           | v1.12.1               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.1             |
|           | v1.12.0               | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.21.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.0             |
|           | v1.12.0-beta.0        | 1.32, 1.31, 1.30, 1.29, 1.28  | 3.20.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.12.0-beta.0      |
|           | v1.11.8               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.22.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.8             |
|           | v1.11.7               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.7             |
|           | v1.11.6               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.6             |
|           | v1.11.5               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.5             |
|           | v1.11.4               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.4             |
|           | v1.11.3               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.3             |
|           | v1.11.2               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.2             |
|           | v1.11.1               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.1             |
|           | v1.11.0               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.11.0             |
|           | v1.10.6               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.21.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.6             |
|           | v1.10.5               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.3         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.5             |
|           | v1.10.4               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.4             |
|           | v1.10.3               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.3             |
|           | v1.10.2               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.20.0         | 1.25.5        | 4.10.2             |
|           | v1.10.1               | 1.30, 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26  | 3.19.1         | 1.25.3        | 4.10.1             |
|           | v1.10.0               | 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26        | 3.19.1         | 1.25.3        | 4.10.0             |
|           | v1.9.6                | 1.29, 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25  | 3.19.0         | 1.21.6        | 4.9.1              |
|           | v1.9.5                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.9.0              |
|           | v1.9.4                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.3              |
|           | v1.9.3                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.*              |
|           | v1.9.1                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.4         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.*              |
|           | v1.9.0                | 1.28, 1.27, 1.26, 1.25        | 3.18.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.8.*              |
|           | v1.8.4                | 1.27, 1.26, 1.25, 1.24        | 3.18.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.7.*              |
|           | v1.7.1                | 1.27, 1.26, 1.25, 1.24        | 3.17.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.6.*              |
|           | v1.6.4                | 1.26, 1.25, 1.24, 1.23        | 3.17.0         | 1.21.6        | 4.5.*              |
|           | v1.5.1                | 1.25, 1.24, 1.23              | 3.16.2         | 1.21.6        | 4.4.*              |
|           | v1.4.0                | 1.25, 1.24, 1.23, 1.22        | 3.16.2         | 1.19.10†      | 4.3.0              |
|           | v1.3.1                | 1.24, 1.23, 1.22, 1.21, 1.20  | 3.16.2         | 1.19.10†      | 4.2.5              |

See [this article](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/26/update-with-ingress-nginx/) if you want upgrade to the stable
Ingress API.

## License

[Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/LICENSE)
